DOC-14177 Document that it is not possible to “disable a logging channel” (#20158)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/v25.3/log-channel-note.md

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> Log channels cannot be completely disabled. You can configure [how log messages are routed to different sinks]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/configure-logs.md %}#configure-log-sinks) and [adjust verbosity levels]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/configure-logs.md %}#set-logging-levels), but you cannot turn off a log channel entirely. For example, a channel that is not configured for a [file group]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/configure-logs.md %}#output-to-files) will be enabled in the `default` file group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log channels cannot be completely disabled. You can configure [how log messages are routed to different sinks]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/configure-logs.md %}#configure-log-sinks) and [adjust verbosity levels]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/configure-logs.md %}#set-logging-levels), but you cannot turn off a log channel entirely. For example, a channel that is not explicitly configured for a [file group]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/configure-logs.md %}#output-to-files) is still enabled in the `default` file group.
```

Reviewer: Remove future tense and add some emphasis to the example that makes it clearer how it describes the previous point

Author: updated
